I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best - Marilyn Monroe
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel - Maya Angelou
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair - A Tale of Two Cities
For I am convinced that neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord - Romans 8:38-39
The LORD is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? The LORD is the stronghold of my life; of whom shall I be afraid? - Psalms 27:12
Fear not, for I am with you; be not dismayed, for I am your God; I will strengthen you, I will help you, I will uphold you with my righteous right hand - Isaiah 41:10
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall - Nelson Mandela
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough - Oprah Winfrey
Whoever is happy will make others happy too - Anne Frank
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else - Margaret Mead
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up - Thomas A. Edison
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts - Winston S. Churchill
The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won't. It's whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere - arack Obama
Money and success don’t change people; they merely amplify what is already there - Will Smith
Everybody wants to be famous, but nobody wants to do the work. I live by that. You grind hard so you can play hard. At the end of the day, you put all the work in, and eventually it’ll pay off. It could be in a year, it could be in 30 years. Eventually, your hard work will pay off - Kevin Hart